Fix next chapter button not changing chapter (#1920)
mihonapp/mihon: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]
### Fixes
- Fix Bangumi search results including novels ([@MajorTanya](https://github.com/MajorTanya)) ([#1885](https://github.com/mihonapp/mihon/pull/1885))

> - Fix next chapter button not changing chapter ([@perokhe](https://github.com/perokhe)) ([#1920](https://github.com/mihonapp/mihon/pull/1920))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix next chapter button occasionally jumping to the last page of the current chapter ([@perokhe](https://github.com/perokhe)) ([#1920](https://github.com/mihonapp/mihon/pull/1920))
```
